gsutil: add page (#7961)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gsutil.md

# gsutil

> > The gsutil CLI is a Python application that lets you access Cloud Storage from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The gsutil CLI lets you access Google Cloud Storage from the command line.
```

> You can use gsutil to do a wide range of bucket and object management tasks.
> More information: <https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil>.

- List all buckets in a project you are logged into:

`gsutil ls`

- List the objects in a bucket:

> `gsutil ls -r gs://{{BUCKET_NAME}}/{{PREFIX}}**`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gsutil ls -r gs://{{bucket_name}}/{{prefix}}**`
```

Reviewer 2: We use lower case for placeholders. But there are some exceptions: placeholders with SQL code for instance.

> `gsutil ls -r gs://{{bucket_name}}/{{prefix}}**`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gsutil ls -r 'gs://{{bucket_name}}/{{prefix}}**'`
```

- Download an object from a bucket:

> `gsutil cp gs://{{BUCKET_NAME}}/{{OBJECT_NAME}} {{SAVE_TO_LOCATION}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gsutil cp gs://{{bucket_name}}/{{object_name}} {{path/to/save_location}}`
```

- Upload an object to a bucket:

> `gsutil cp {{OBJECT_LOCATION}} gs://{{DESTINATION_BUCKET_NAME}}/`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gsutil cp {{object_location}} gs://{{destination_bucket_name}}/`
```

- Rename or move objects in a bucket:

> `gsutil mv gs://{{BUCKET_NAME}}/{{OLD_OBJECT_NAME}} gs://{{BUCKET_NAME}}/{{NEW_OBJECT_NAME}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gsutil mv gs://{{bucket_name}}/{{old_object_name}} gs://{{bucket_name}}/{{new_object_name}}`
```

Author: Thanks for changing these to the right format 😄

- Create a new bucket in the project you are logged into:

> `gsutil mb gs://{{BUCKET_NAME}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gsutil mb gs://{{bucket_name}}`
```

- Delete a bucket and remove all the objects in it:

> `gsutil rm -r gs://{{BUCKET_NAME}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gsutil rm -r gs://{{bucket_name}}`
```
